home.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Flyrt Home
---
# {{ page.title }}

In a world where travelers spend hours waiting between flights or trains, Flyrt makes these moments more enjoyable by connecting people in the same transit locations.
Imagine matching with someone in the same airport as you, sharing a coffee while waiting or even discovering a new travel companion for a future destination.

Flyrt sets itself apart from other apps by its unique approach: on the one hand, time is limited which boosts the sharing experience and on the other hand, it targets travel moments, facilitating instant connections in specific locations. If you are going to the same destination, you can extend the experience; otherwise, you will have spent a pleasant time together and perhaps planned a future trip. Make new friends, message with the friends you want and use our tracker to find the friends near you.

Using Flyrt you can message and locate friends as long as you mutually agree to it.
 
Whether you are traveling for business or pleasure, Flyrt makes every stopover an adventure.

Anyone can sign up.

Need help? We're here for you.

## Contact Support
Please check our support page [here](http://flyrt.org/support)

## Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)

### How do I delete my account?
Go to profile settings and select "Delete Account.

### Is my data secure?
Yes, all data is encrypted at rest and in transit.

Commit message:

[Feature] Adds FAQ page,  updates navigation, adjust home page
Adds a new FAQ page with common questions and answers.

Updates the main navigation to include a link to the FAQ.

Updates the home page with a feature list and links to the FAQ and support pages.
Updates the license and privacy pages with proper links.
Replaces "APIs" entry with "Miscellaneous" in the navigation.

home.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Flyrt Home
---
# {{ page.title }}

In a world where travelers spend hours waiting between flights or trains, Flyrt makes these moments more enjoyable by connecting people in the same transit locations.
Imagine matching with someone in the same airport as you, sharing a coffee while waiting or even discovering a new travel companion for a future destination.

Flyrt sets itself apart from other apps by its unique approach, while allowing casual encounters in your home area, Flyrt boosts the sharing experience while your travel, facilitating instant connections in specific locations at specific time. Going to the same destination, you can extend the experience; otherwise, you will have spent a pleasant time together and perhaps will plan a future trip. Make new friends, message with the friends you want and use our tracker to find the friends near you.

Using Flyrt you can message and locate friends as long as you mutually agree to it.
 
Whether you are traveling for business or pleasure, Flyrt makes every stopover an adventure. Anyone can sign up.

### Feature List
- Suggestions cards
- Like cards
- Inbox with your contacts
- Inbox with your recent messages
- Location tracking and Find your match capabilities
- Messaging and messaging notifications
- Advance Profile definition
- Trip specific information with Geolocation for optimal suggestions
- Traits specific information for optimal suggestions
- Location information for optimal suggestions
- Machine Learning Algorythyms for optimal suggestions
- Account creation by email or phone

We encourage you to consult our list of Frequently Asked Questions [**FAQ**](https://flyrt.org/faq).

Need more help? We are here for you, please check our [**support**](http://flyrt.org/support) page to contact us.
